You didn't see us the moment, Mr. Cole?
Hmm.
Maybe next time.
You'd ride?
No, I'm fine.
What are you doing?
Life, you're interested?
You're not the only one who can play cool.
Heartless, dear Adrienne.
How gallant?
I'm not in front of a D.U.C.
Hey!
How are we?
Yeah, it's gonna break my t-shirt all hard.
I know, I know.
But we have the...
How gallant?
They're over quality, baby.
Grandma, uh...
What are you doing here?
No, it's just, um...
Opening the door now.
Can you pretend we're really close for one night, please?
If you bag me.
Grandma?
Gotcha!
Christ, you scared me, Grandma.
Hi, Grandma, I'm Molly.
Oh!
Isn't she a sweetheart?
Oh, Adrienne, you said you married someone,
but you didn't say how stunning she is.
Isn't she stunning?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just gorgeous.
Come on in.
Finally, Adrienne.
I've been waiting for this for a very long time.
I had thought you were gay.
Grandma?
Tell me, how did you propose to this gorgeous girl?
I'm not really a romantic story, knows it, Molly.
No, it's pretty normal.
Normal.
What do you mean, you've just married a girl that you love?
You must have a good proposal story.
It's not like you've married a stranger you just met in a bar.
No.
Of course not.
No, so what happened was I took her for dinner
and then after dinner was dessert, we had dessert,
and then I got down on one knee and I proposed.
And she said yes.
And then we went over.
Well, if that's how you proposed to her,
I'm surprised Molly said yes.
Actually, I proposed.
You did.
Yeah, it was just a regular work day
and I decided to flip the script and take action
because of his little marriage story.
His tragic little story.
So he came home from work and there was a little box on the table
and he opened it up on purpose.
But there wasn't a ring inside.
No ring.
There was a map which led him back to the bar where we first met.
And he went back to the bar and I was there on one knee
and I asked him if he'd marry me because marriage can be a beautiful thing.
And then he leaned in and gave me a long tender.
Well, that is a good story.
I wish I'd been one of the drunkards at the bar.
Would you mind reliving that scene for me?
I want to take a photograph.
Of what scene, grandma?
One of the tender kiss.
Oh, we don't really do that right?
Right now, right?
Oh, come on, keep your grandpa some joy, will you?
Kiss the girl for the photograph.
What's that a kiss?
Sure was.
Great.
Well, I'll be off then.
I don't want to spoil this romantic moment.
No, you don't.
Good night.
Good night, grandma.
You know, it's getting very dark.
I think I should stay the night.
Gosh, that means...
We'll have to share a room.
Wishful thinking, he kissed your cheek, Molly.
You know what that means.
You can stay there for one.
You're bad, huh?
Middle.
Why would I be?
He's a hub by the way.
No biggie.
My favorite color is blue.
I'm a huge radio fan.
Read my first business book when I was 10,
while my friends were playing Zelda.
So they probably thought I was a giant nerd.
I hate plants,
because they were mine with my mom.
And I've never had a cinnamon roll before.
You're missing out on so much.
You're in dark texture?
That's my dream.
But my family doesn't believe in me.
To them, I'm just some dumb girl who only cares about
which picture she's going to post on Instagram next.
Family.
My feeling.
One day I woke up and I just said to myself to help
with their opinions.
I'm going to be an architect.
So you said you don't believe in marriage?
Why?
We change stuff.
Do you still feel that way?
Yes.
Hey, thanks for making my grandma so happy today.
I know you know how to go.
Yeah.
Good night.
I've made breakfast for you.
Get up here, you grandma's here.
Did you go to make a morning?
No, just get up here.
No, of course not.
Come on in, grandma.
Good morning.
We could have made you breakfast, grandma.
It's no problem.
You're family now.
I love the plants that he put in the sitting room.
Would you like to go plant shopping with me?
I would love that.
Oh, that's a, um, I know.
Yes.
So beautiful shop.
Just love this one.
You should guess it.
Ooh, great choice.
Let me pack that up for you.
How much is it?
It's 90 dollars.
Um, that's a little too pricey for me.
Is this the plant lady wanting?
Yes.
Oh, I get it.
Perfect.
Adrian, I'm so sorry.
Where are you?
Adrian.
Where's Mia?
Uh, they brought her inside.
They told me to wait out here.
How could your mistake and vitamins for dog food?
How could that happen?
Adrian, I, I, I, I, I.
Okay, stop, stop.
Tell me how it happened.
Very clearly from the beginning.
Please.
It was at work.
I came home.
I was exhausted.
Those investors gave me a hard time.
I wasn't paying attention.
Went to give Mia her food and I was distracted.
And I went to shower and I came out and she was
lying on the floor throwing her.
I'm so sorry, Adrian.
I never meant to hurt her.
I can't believe I trusted you alone with Mia.
I can't believe it.
I care about Mia and I'll do anything to make up that.
Yeah, well, it's too late.
What's that supposed to mean?
I want you to move out.
Adrian, please.
I...
Not packing things.
Anything you'd help find in the place, I'll find you.
Just get out.
Adrian.
How's she doing?
Their dog is too weak, pregnant.
What?
You don't seem pleased about the news.
Should I do something?
No.
Do you bring a dog to spirit?
Sometimes, yes.
Some people who don't know better will think that
the dog has digestive problems.
And the vitamins?
Oh, the vitamins are harmless.
All right.
Thank you, dog.
Of course.
Dude, you actually look better when you're sad.
You're not in the mood, man.
Come on.
Let's put a smile on that face.
I know, I know.
You have to get you back out there.
You have to let loose.
Names.
Uh, Molly Johnson.
Sasha Brown.
Sorry, but your name's been banned from our guest list.
What?
It's by a shareholder on the board called, uh,
Jennifer Johnson.
I'm sure my family invested in this club.
Let's go.
No, no, we're not leaving.
Listen, you're gonna let us in, boy.
Okay, because I will call my brother.
And he will sew your ass.
Oh, we can let ourselves out.
Hey, hey, hey, let go of me.
Go over.
Is this how you treat women?
Fuck me.
Go over.
Is this how you treat women?
Sorry, Miss Mancini.
I'm just doing my job.
Doing your job?
That's you doing your job.
You shouldn't have your job at all.
I'm sorry, Miss Mancini.
She's just a random girl.
Random girl.
This random girl's my wife.
What?
He does care about me.
Mr. Harrison, you must help me.
I don't really know these ladies and, uh,
you can understand.
I don't know much about her, but I have heard of Molly Johnson.
She stands as one of the brightest
architectural talents in the city.
She's not just some social butterfly
only in those parties and banquets.
She's someone to look out for.
Wow.
Adrian really told him a lot about me.
You can go, sir.
Thank you, Mr. Harrison.
Harrison.
Mad Harrison.
Just call me Madam, your husband's friend.
Don't be mistaken by his poker face.
He is very much obsessed with me.
He hasn't laughed once since you moved.
All right, that's enough.
Shall we, uh, get out of here?
Hey.
Hey, I think I'm gonna go home.
Molly, all right.
If you ever wanted to move back in.
Hello.
Do you remember that investment you asked me about?
Do I have good news for you?
Tell me.
There is a mysterious investor who is
absolutely enamored with your architectural designs.
They will only help you start your own architectural firm.
This is a dream come true.
I knew you'd be thrilled.
I'll let you know when I confirm with them.
Who's the investor?
Can I meet them?
The investor doesn't want to meet.
Just yet.
The moment will come when it's meant to be so yet.
Truth, I have no idea who it is.
Why don't they want to meet?
I'd love to express my gratitude.
I insisted there was no rush.
That's mysterious.
So you're just gonna go and knock on the door.
Yeah, what?
It'll be fine.
Just for Christ's sake, smile.
Is Molly here?
I've got a package and I need your signature.
Molly?
Well, that gives your joint mixture the contents from text.
I love it.
You do?
Do you want to come in?
Yeah.
Your place is so cute.
Thanks.
I've been trying to redecorate it a little bit.
The deadline for my project to seem so
can make yourself comfortable.
There's food and wine and bridge.
Right.
Yes.
Don't mind me.
Just sit right here.
You know, sleeping legs for a bit of worker.
Well, I wasn't the one who dragged
someone into my apartment this late.
Oh, so it's my fault.
Does it work, meaning just...
I'll be right back.
Yeah, of course I will go to the meeting just one second.
What is it?
It's going nowhere.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
You're nervous.
I did it all down.
Okay, please just don't call me again.
Thank you.
Is this the building you wanted to create?
No.
I mean, I'll give it my all, but...
It's work.
You know, not my dream.
Well, what is your dream?
Well, you don't know where my sketches are right now,
but if I find them, I'll show you.
Well, you could draw it on my face.
Joking.
Support that idea.
In our rebuilt Sunday morning,
I have a coffee out there every morning.
I don't think I've ever felt so happy in my own house.
So brilliant, I do.
Thank you.
My dad and my mom were so close.
They loved me, just...
That isn't really sort of fighting.
Are you screaming at each other?
Over money, of course.
Then one day, my mom just picked up her suitcase and left.
Adrienne?
No, that's okay.
That's my little tragic story.
Now my dad is trying to get me into an arranged marriage
for a strategic business line, so...
I don't think I'm gonna repeat that story.
That's why he said you don't believe in marriage.
I guess you could say it.
My faith has been shaggy.
How do I feel guilty?
What if Adrienne finds out I married him
because he's Connor's uncle?
It's done.
Take a look.
This is my dream.
It's called Cosmic Eye.
What do you think?
Well, it looks like you drew a scary eye.
It's a space-time tunnel, dummy.
Ah, gotcha.
Well, in that case, would you mind giving me a tour?
Captain.
Doors closed, now we're traveling through the space-time tunnel.
Look at your window and you see the dazzling starlight.
I see the starlight.
It looks like we have some whole other dimensions here.
The fourth dimensionally unit designed using the Escher style.
Wow, look at all that callous nebulae.
It looks like twinkling eyes.
Well, it's a beautiful body.
Look, I know you need space to build your career, but if you want to move back,
the doors are always open.
Yeah, I have to get my ducks in the room.
Yeah, of course.
Not my way.
The Johnson.
Your slot is right at the Johnson's architect.
What a coincidence.
Hello, everyone.
That's my design.